1:La guerra.
2:La guerra non cambia mai.
3:The end of the world occurred pretty much as we had predicted.
4:Too many humans, not enough space or resources to go around.
5:The details are trivial and pointless, the reasons, as always, purely human ones.
6:Nel 2077, quasi ogni vita umana fù spazzata via dalla terra.
7:A great cleansing, an atomic spark struck by human hands, quickly raged out of control.
8:Spears of nuclear fire rained from the skies.
9:Continents were swallowed in flames and fell beneath the boiling oceans.
10:L'umanità si era quasi estinta, i loro spiriti erano diventati parte della radiazione di fondo che ricopriva la terra.
11:A quiet darkness fell across the planet, lasting many years.
12:Few survived the devastation.
13:Some had been fortunate enough to reach safety, taking shelter in great underground vaults.
14:When the great darkness passed, these vaults opened, and their inhabitants emerged to begin their lives again.
15:One of the northern tribes claims they are descended from one such Vault.
16:They hold that their founder and ancestor, one known the "Vault Dweller," once saved the world from a great evil.
17:According to their legend, this evil arose in the far south.
18:It corrupted all it touched, twisting men inside, turning them into beasts.
19:Only through the bravery of this Vault Dweller was the evil destroyed.
20:But in so doing, he lost many of his friends and suffered greatly, sacrificing much of himself to save the world.
21:When at last he returned to the home he had fought so hard to protect, he was cast out.
22:Exiled.
23:In confronting that which they feared, he had become something else in their eyes...and no longer their champion.
24:Forsaken by his people, he strode into the wasteland.
25:He traveled far to the north, until he came to the great canyons.
26:There, he founded a small village, Arroyo, where he lived out the rest of his years.
27:And so, for a generation since its founding, Arroyo has lived in peace, its canyons sheltering it from the outside world.
28:It is home. Your home.
29:But in the world outside, the scars left by the war have not yet healed.
30:The wounds run deep, and now they are being felt in Arroyo.
31:La vita in Arroyo sta per cambiare...
